Fix Nokia G-010S-P and Nokia G-010S-A MTD changing layout (#62)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-nokia-g-010s-a.md

## Modifying firmware

> Turning a Nokia G-010S-A into a [Nokia G-010S-P](/ont-nokia-g-010s-p) is possible by changing layout from mtd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nokia G-010S-A can be flashed with the [Nokia G-010S-P](/ont-nokia-g-010s-p) firmware, provided the MTD layout has been changed beforehand to match the new one.```
